Create 2019-12-11-all-hands-meeting.md (#165)
hyphacoop/organizing: 2019-12-11-all-hands-meeting.md

- el
    - Hypha open infra stuff
- dc
    - I'm excited to wrap up marking! Some other life things this week

### Task Board Review

- Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
- Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
    - #15 need to discuse with the group
    - #119 patcon: still needs pipeline that matches our actual thing. +1 ben for tomorrow looking
    - #154
    - #156 update below
    - #134 ongoing
    - #143 dc need to return the contract
    - #131 set up WG call for planning
    - #86 Done
    - #127 el: review and close
    - #145 pc thinks its done now
- Triage new tasks
- missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - Meeting tomorrow for 2 hours in call
    - pc and bl put some leads into CRM, have a look before meeting if you get a chance
- [Finance][fin-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - patcon: #156 Payroll. Finance WG decided to go with Wagepoint. Registered. CRA payroll program account is now set up. Currently doing Wagepoint setup.
    - Decided not to go with QB payroll and using wagepoint

>     - decide on vacation time 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Decide on vacation time 
```

>     - ex. $100 from client, employee gets $75 + (4% of $75)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - e.g. $100 from client, employee gets $75 + (4% of $75)
```

>         - vacation accrual. pay out weekly for now, but is short-term. expect to start withholding and manage in medium future, e.g. before year-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - vacation accrual will be paid out weekly for now, but this is short-term. expect to allow option for withholding and manage in medium future, e.g. before year-end.
```

Reviewer: Just to clarify -- pretty sure we have to offer both options and that is what I understood @YurkoWasHere to have said

    - TD1 and TD1-ON
        - dc: they don't make you re-sign it per year even though technically you should
    - Waiting for approval from transferwise 
- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]

>     - Havent' been meeting and picking up meeting in the new year

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Haven't been meeting and picking up meeting in the new year
```

### Discussions

- Vacation (December 23 - January 4)
    - Proposing that we are not meeting unless arranged eariler
    - Response time should be a week
    - Emergency channel on Signal
- Next meeting extend by 15 min and each WG to share end-of-year summary #todo
- Work towards employee status
    - dc: we are exempt to WSIB
    - dc: govenance group needs to meet and clarify things (pc: +1)
    - dc: we are using status as Founders to allow Members who aren't working to still have Employee status even though they have not taken a paycheque
    - pc: but isn't that bc they're owners? Owners have less protections in my understanding (whether we want to do that or not I up to us)
    - uv: clarification on... if we aren't employees, how are we being treated right now?
        - pc: we are owners
        - yj: no one is paid yet
        - uv + bl: one can be owner and employee at the same time
            - uv: do we fill a T4 or T4A (dc thinks T4)
            - pc: payroll system seems to not fit our structure
            - pc: are we employees or contractors?
            - dc: irregular payroll can be not contractors

>             - dc: should've had a discussion before spawning a bunch of issues that make it seem a bunch of work, when in reality we probably don't need most of it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - dc: should have discussion before spawning a bunch of issues with a bunch of work, when we probably don't need to do all of it
```
closer to what I remember saying ^^
